{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Lean-->\par
\tab It is a development method that helps teams identify waste and refine process. It's guiding mindset that facilitate efficiency,effectiveness and constant improvement.\par
\par
sales improve--\par
1. Reduce manpower\par
2. Additional feature to the product\par
3. Increase sales volume\par
4. Vendor relation\par
5. Improve quality of the product\par
6. Promotions\par
7. Offers\par
\par
Waste-->\par
1. Transportation.\par
2. Inventory.\par
3. Over production\par
4. Idle time\par
5. Motion\par
6. Over processing\par
7. Defect\par
\par
Benifits of Lean Agile--\par
1. Waste less time\par
2. Reduce costs\par
3. Improve work quality\par
\par
five principles of lean agile->\par
1. Value\par
2. Value Stream\par
3. Flow\par
4. Pull\par
5. Perfection\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Convert BDD requirement to FDD requirement---\par
(SDLC).\par
\par
1. User Authentication:\par
Feature:\par
\tab  Authentication\par
Description:\par
\tab  Allow users to securely authenticate and access the system.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Users should be able to provide their credentials.\par
\tab The system should validate the provided credentials.\par
\tab Upon successful validation, grant access to the system.\par
\tab If the provided credentials are invalid, deny access and provide appropriate \tab feedback.\par
\par
\par
2. Search Option:\par
Feature: \par
\tab Search\par
Description: \par
\tab Enable users to search for books based on various criteria.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Users should be able to enter search queries.\par
\tab The system should return relevant search results based on the entered queries.\par
\tab Search results should be displayed in a clear and organized manner.\par
\tab Users should be able to refine their search criteria if needed.\par
\par
\par
3. Book Category:\par
Feature:\par
\tab  Book Categories\par
Description:\par
\tab  Categorize books into different categories for easy navigation.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Books should be assigned to appropriate categories.\par
\tab Users should be able to browse books by category.\par
\tab Each category should have a clear and descriptive name.\par
\par
\par
4. Book Listing:\par
Feature:\par
\tab  Book Listing\par
Description:\par
\tab  Display a list of available books to users.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Books should be listed with relevant details such as title, author, price, and cover \tab image.\par
\tab Users should be able to view additional details about each book.\par
\tab Books should be displayed in a visually appealing and user-friendly manner.\par
\par
\par
5. Shopping Cart:\par
Feature: \par
\tab Shopping Cart\par
Description: \par
\tab Allow users to add books to a shopping cart for future purchase.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Users should be able to add books to the shopping cart.\par
\tab The system should display the contents of the shopping cart.\par
\tab Users should be able to modify the quantity of items in the cart or remove items \tab altogether.\par
\par
\par
6. Checkout:\par
Feature:\par
\tab  Checkout\par
Description: \par
\tab Enable users to complete their purchase and proceed to payment.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Users should be able to review their order before proceeding to checkout.\par
\tab The system should collect necessary information for payment and shipping.\par
\tab Users should be provided with multiple payment options.\par
\tab Upon successful completion of checkout, users should receive confirmation of their \tab order.\par
\par
\par
7. User Review Form:\par
Feature: \par
\tab User Reviews\par
Description: \par
\tab Allow users to submit reviews and ratings for books.\par
Acceptance Criteria:\par
\tab Users should be able to submit reviews along with a rating for a book.\par
\tab The system should display reviews and ratings for each book.\par
\tab Reviews should be moderated to prevent spam or inappropriate content\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Develop Overall Model: Create an overall model of the system, identifying the major features and their relationships. This will serve as the foundation for the development process.\par
\par
Feature List: Break down the features into smaller, manageable chunks. Each feature should be a self-contained piece of functionality that delivers value to users.\par
\par
Plan by Feature: Plan development iterations based on features. Prioritize features based on their importance and potential impact.\par
\par
Design by Feature: For each feature, design the necessary components, including user interface, backend logic, and database structure.\par
\par
Build by Feature: Implement features one by one. Each feature should go through the entire development process, from coding to testing to deployment.\par
\par
Inspection: Regularly inspect the progress of development. Review completed features with stakeholders to ensure they meet expectations.\par
\par
Adaptation: Adjust the development plan based on feedback and changing requirements. Be flexible and responsive to new information throughout the development process.\par
\par
Iterate: Repeat the development cycle for each feature until all required functionality is implemented.\par
\par
Final Integration and Testing: Once all features are developed, integrate them into a cohesive system. Conduct thorough testing to ensure the website functions as intended.\par
\par
Deployment: Deploy the website to production once testing is complete and stakeholders are satisfied with the results.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Kanban Methodology--->\par
\tab It is an agile method aims at continuous improvement,flexibility in the task \tab management,and enhanced workflow.with the illustrative approach the progress of \tab the whole project can be easily understood.\par
\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
    To-do                               \tab\tab currently doing \tab\tab\tab Done\par
\par
Creating UI for                    testing the dash board page                        completed the home page \par
transfer page \par
\par
Creating API\par
for card details\par
\par
\par
Kanban board indicate the current task that are being performed\par
the task which is running\par
and the tast which is done.\par
\par
Core principles of Kanban\par
1. Initiating the workflow.\par
2. Limit the task.\par
3. Respect the existing roles and responsibility.\par
4. encouraging the leadership at all levels.\par
\par
Core practices of Kanban\par
1. Visualization of workflow\par
2. Reduction of WIP\par
3. Efficient workflow management\par
4. Explicit management Policies.\par
5. Take feedback\par
\par
\par
\par
Kanban-->\par
Backlog---Doing---Review---Done\par
\par
Scrum-->\par
Product backlog--Sprint planning meeting--Sprint backlog--Sprint review--finished Work.\par
\par
Lean-->\par
Identify value--Map the value Stream--create flow--Establish pull-seek perfection\par
\par
Preplaning\par
\par
groming\par
\par
25 stories 1. Design\par
\tab 2. Dev\par
\tab 3. Testing\par
\tab 4. Daily Scrum\par
\tab Yesterday\par
\tab Today\par
\tab Tomorrow\par
\par
Retrospective\par
1-25\par
release note-\par
\tab Bug release\par
\tab what went good what went wrong.\par
\par
Demo-\par
Backlog gromming\par
\par
\par
Scrum-----\par
\par
Estimation\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  Definition\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  In software development, an "estimate," in the usual sense, consists of a quantified evaluation of the effort necessary to carry out a given development task; this is most often expressed in terms of duration.\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  The intent is to aggregate many such individual estimates, so as to obtain an indication of the overall duration, effort or cost of a software project.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Product backlog\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  Definition\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  A product backlog is a list of the new features, changes to existing features, bug fixes, infrastructure changes or other activities that a team may deliver in order to achieve a specific outcome.\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  The product backlog is often referred to as simply the backlog\par
\par
\par
\par
Story Points\par
\par
\f1\u9656?\f0  Agile teams generally prefer to express estimates in units other than the time-honored "man-day" or "man-hour." Possibly the most widespread unit is "story points."\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  One of the chief reasons is the use of Nocity for planning purposes. "Velocity," in the sense Agile teams use the term, has no preferred unit of measurement, it is a dimensionless quantity. Velocity allows teams to compute the expected remaining duration of the project, as a number of iterations, each iteration delivering some amount of features.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Sprint Backlog\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  Definition\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  A sprint backlog is the subset of product backlog that a team targets to deliver during a sprint in order to accomplish the sprint goal and make progress toward a desired outcome.\par
\par
The sprint backlog consists of product backlog items that the team agreed with their product owner to include during sprint planning. The team owns the sprint backlog and can determine whether new items are added or existing items are removed. This allows the team to focus on a clear scope for the length of the sprint.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Who is involved in Sprint Planning\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  Sprint planning typically involves the entire team.\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  A product owner identifies the candidate product backlog items and their relative priorities, as well as proposes a sprint goal.\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  The team members determine how many of the product backlog items they forecast they will be able to complete and determine how they will deliver those product backlog items.\par
\par
\f1\u9658?\f0  A scrum master or coach typically facilitates sprint planning in order to ensure that the discussion is effective and that there is agreement to the sprint goal and that the appropriate product backlog items are included in the sprint backlog.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Agile Process---\par
\tab  Agile emphasizes flexibility, collaboration, and customer satisfaction in the process of delivering products or services.\par
\par
\par
1. Backlog Refinement :\par
\tab This process involves continuously refining and prioritizing the product backlog. It includes adding new items, breaking down large items into smaller ones, removing or deprioritizing items, and ensuring that the backlog is ready for selection in future sprints.\par
\par
\par
2. Sprint Planning:\par
\tab Sprint planning is a collaborative event where the product owner and the development team determine which backlog items will be worked on during the upcoming sprint. The team selects items from the top of the product backlog and creates a sprint backlog, along with defining the goals and tasks for the sprint.\par
\par
\par
3. Daily Stand-up (Scrum):\par
\tab Also known as the daily scrum, this is a short daily meeting (usually 15 minutes) where the development team synchronizes their activities. Each team member answers three questions: What did I accomplish yesterday? What will I do today? Are there any impediments blocking my progress?\par
\par
4. Sprint Execution:\par
\tab This process involves the development team working on the tasks identified in the sprint backlog. They collaborate closely, continuously integrating and testing their work, with the aim of delivering a potentially shippable product increment by the end of the sprint.\par
\par
5. Sprint Review:\par
\tab At the end of each sprint, the team holds a sprint review meeting where they present the completed work to stakeholders and gather feedback. The goal is to demonstrate what has been accomplished during the sprint and gather input for future iterations.\par
\par
6. Sprint Retrospective:\par
\tab Following the sprint review, the team conducts a sprint retrospective meeting to reflect on the sprint process. They discuss what went well, what could be improved, and any action items for making adjustments in the next sprint. The focus is on continuous improvement.\par
\par
7. Product Backlog Refinement:\par
\tab While similar to the backlog refinement process, this ongoing activity involves continuously refining and updating the product backlog based on feedback, changing priorities, and new insights gained during the project.\par
\par
8. Release Planning:\par
\tab This process involves planning and coordinating the release of product increments to stakeholders. It may include determining the scope and timing of releases, identifying dependencies, and managing stakeholder expectations.\par
}
 